March 8, 2026
Authentication
    1. multi-device login with device fingerprinting
    2. password change route and logic along with email change

March 20,2026
**Conveniences/basic management

    1. need to have a route to see all the things we create, like users, clients and projects
       aswell as deleting them or revoking them as needed 
    2. routes to change names, emails, password and the like

March 29,2026
missing route
    1. route to revoke api_keys(with that update the name uniqueness checking logic to to add if token isn't revoked )

April 20, 2026
update 
    1. update pricing rules(route and logic)
data security
    1. how do we manage users' data about clients
subscription 
    1. users need to subscribe to our sass-api service

Jun 11, 2026
usage event
    1. make usage event name case insensitive, as they have to match with pricing   
    2. also matching pricing rules and usage event by name exactly seems like a lot
       of mistakes can be made because the same thing can be written in many ways so 
       see if you can find a better way

July 17, 2026
Ownership service
    1. one service to check project, client and api_key Ownership
API key management
    1. work on revoked_by
    2. prepare a separate api_versioning, so that we won't have production revoked,
        production revoked then production not revoked, if versioning is used, production
        would just be a permanent key whose previous versions were revoked and 1 version
        that is active.

July 18, 2026
API key management
    1. create a revoke method in services, when revoked_by and reason for revoking are added
    2. last_used at needs to be added as an attribute to api_keys(helps make things transparent)
    3. implement ext_id for projects, clients and users, never expose database ids

July 22, 2026
event_type
    1. a way to view event_types for a specific project
    2. a way to create event_types, rename or delete(actually that goes for all my models)

July 25, 2026
event_type  
    1. consider renaming that model event_definiton
invoice_item
    1. event_code and event_name in invoice_items need to be snapshotted because a 
       foreign key reference means name changes if the event_type model changes what
       it calls that event_type, and as billing is a financial historical data names
       can't change like that

July 30, 2026
payment
    1. add client_secret_expires_at field, useful when supporting abandoned payments and 
       clean up jobs
    2. add payment_provider_config model and make it a foreign key to a project, provider,
       public_key, encrypted_secret_key, webhook_secrets and enabled as fields

August 4, 2026
webhooks 
    1. use uniqueness of webhook events instead of checking for existence to check if an 
       event is already processed, prevents race condition when two workers are working
       in parallel 

August 8, 2026
invoice
    1. think of scenarios where an invoice gets cancelled and make endpoints for it

August 10, 2026
stripe_currency_conversion
    1. consider currency conversion for currencies whose smallest amount isn't calculated
       by multiplying by hunder, the actual currency representation is the smallest amount

August 12, 2026
declraing currencies in projects
    1. make merchants declare their prefered currencies when creating projects, and let 
       the payment create service deduce it from the project the invoice belongs to and
       create payments based on that currency

August 14, 2026
about filters for payment and invoice_items
    1. be sure think of other ways of filtering, add other criteria
    2. invoice voiding route


August 17, 2026
Generalized future improvements
    Billing
        - subscriptions
        - annual billing
        - coupons
        - discounts
        - taxes
        - usage tiers
        - minimum charges
        - custom billing cycles

    Payments
        - Chapa(adding other providers)
        - multiple currencies
        - multiple payment providers
        - automatic payment methods
        - saved payment methods


    Platform
        - organizations
        - teams
        - roles
        - permissions
        - customer portal
        - API versioning
        - SDKs

    Analytics
        - revenue charts
        - usage trends
        - client analytics
        - forecasting
        - advanced reporting

    API keys
        - key versioning
        - last_used
        - advanced revoke behavior

    Separate authentication(user), personnel and company
        - user model(email, password)
        - personnel model
        - company model
    
August 19, 2026
pagination
    1. Add pagination when listing clients for a specific user, they are going to be alot
        
Augest 21, 2026
Implement invoice void:
    1. Guard state transition(only pending -> void)
    2. cancel active stripe charges(if a pending payments exists, call stripe's cancel
        end point)
    3. update local database
